Analysis of NLXJ Dating Profiles

    1 Introduction

NaLan Xingji (NLXJ) is a public account on Wechat. It publishes three
issues of dating profiles selected from received letters every weekend,
usually Gentlemen on Friday and Ladies on Saturday and Sunday. There
are around 15 people on each issue.
The general format of one profile is:
    ID: A given sequential number
    Wechat
    Age
    City
    Vocation: Current employment or job
    Interest and Hobby
    Perference: What kind of people you are looking for
    Briefly Introduce yourself
    A photo
The purpose of this project is to parse the HTML and natural languages
and to mine for any interesting patterns.


    2 Data Cleaning

Profiles are written and submitted by individuals. Therefore the
profiles are not well structured, the identifiers for entries are
inconsistent, using <br> in place of <p> is common, and some add emojis
which cause problem of file encoding.

  2.1 Parsing HTML
The first step is to read and parse HTML files.
The profiles are written in one extra-long line, contained in a div with
id "js_content".
After located the line, split the line into profiles by "-----" (5 or
more "-"). Discard the last one since it is always an introduction of
the platform of some advertisement. Keep the first one and paste to the
top of each profile since it contains the issue ID and gender.
Then furtherly split the one line of each profile into entries by
"</p>". Clean the entries a little by deleting html tags and useless
spaces.

  2.2 Revision of HTML Files
During the process of parsing entries (discussed later) various problems
of the HTML files may show up. Each time a problem is dealt with, re-run
the HTML parsing process. Then iterate the process.
One solution is to improve the parsing process. For example, by checking
the Age entries, I found various ways in which the identifier "Age:" is
written. Add those writtings to identifiers.
The other solution is to revise the original HTML files. For example,
by checking the number of entries of profiles, I discovered profiles
using "<br>" to seperate entries rather than "<p></p>". Since there are
few cases, I editted the original HTML.
The result is a list of character vectors, where each vector represents
one profile.

  2.3 Parsing Identification
General information such as issue number and gender is in the first item
of the character vector. The profile ID number is in the second item,
trailed by a "-".

  2.4 Parsing Wechat
Find the item of the vector with the chinese of "Wechat". Delete any
content in brackets.

  2.5 Parsing Age
It could be actual age or the year of birth. The year could be expressed
as "19xx" or "xx".
Actual age is converted to year of birth. The issue 199 is the last
issue in 2014.

  2.6 Parsing Height
The best case of height is written as a three digits number with "cm" or
"CM". It can also be written in the unit of meter, three digits with a
decimal point. Some also come with a ".5".

  2.7 Parsing City

    3 Analysis
